feat(gateway): Add TLS termination for Helm deployment (#6591)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/gateway/gateway-install-helm-onprem.md

   ```bash
   curl -i $PROXY_IP/mock/anything
   ```

## Terminate TLS at the proxy

By default, the data plane serves a built-in {{ site.base_gateway }} certificate for HTTPS traffic. To present your own certificate for a hostname, generate a certificate, mount it into the data plane, and tell {{ site.base_gateway }} which certificate and key to load.

The proxy TLS certificate is a second secret, mounted alongside the clustering certificate you created earlier.

### Generate a TLS certificate

{% include /k8s/create-certificate.md namespace='kong' hostname='demo.example.com' secret_name='demo-example-com' cert_required=true %}

{:.info}

> > The secret name can't contain dots. The Helm chart uses each `secretVolumes` entry as a Kubernetes volume name, and volume names must be a DNS label. This is why the secret is named `demo-example-com` rather than after the `demo.example.com` hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The secret name can't contain dots. The Helm chart uses each `secretVolumes` entry as a Kubernetes volume name, and volume names must be a DNS label. This is why the secret is named `demo-example-com` rather than matching the `demo.example.com` hostname exactly.
```

### Load the certificate on the data plane

> 1. In `values-dp.yaml`, add the certificate secret to `secretVolumes` and set `ssl_cert` and `ssl_cert_key` in `env`:

Reviewer: Is this a pre-existing file or are we creating it?

Author: it's the file created in step 6
